README.md, before:

RSS Guard
=========

[![Total downloads](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/martinrotter/rssguard/total.svg?maxAge=360)](https://somsubhra.github.io/github-release-stats/?username=martinrotter&repository=rssguard&search=0)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/github/release/martinrotter/rssguard.svg?maxAge=360)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/martinrotter/rssguard/master/resources/text/CHANGELOG)
[![Packaging status](https://repology.org/badge/tiny-repos/rssguard.svg)](https://repology.org/project/rssguard/versions)
[![Documentation status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/rssguard/badge/?version=latest)](https://rssguard.readthedocs.io)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/martinrotter/rssguard.svg?maxAge=360)](https://github.com/martinrotter/rssguard/issues)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/martinrotter/rssguard.svg?maxAge=360000)](https://github.com/martinrotter/rssguard/blob/master/LICENSE.md)

### [Discord server](https://discord.gg/7xbVMPPNqH) | [Downloads](https://github.com/martinrotter/rssguard/releases) | [Development builds](https://github.com/martinrotter/rssguard/releases/tag/devbuild) | [Documentation](https://rssguard.readthedocs.io) | [Translations](https://rssguard.readthedocs.io/en/stable/contrib/localization.html)

RSS Guard is a simple RSS/ATOM feed reader for Windows, Linux, BSD, OS/2 or macOS which can work with RSS/ATOM/JSON/Sitemap feeds as well as many online feed services:
* [Feedly](https://feedly.com)
* [Gmail](https://developers.google.com/gmail/api)
* Google Reader API ([Bazqux](https://bazqux.com), [FreshRSS](https://freshrss.org), [Inoreader](https://www.inoreader.com), [Miniflux](https://miniflux.app), [Reedah](http://reedah.com), [The Old Reader](https://theoldreader.com) and more)
* [Nextcloud News](https://apps.nextcloud.com/apps/news)
* [Tiny Tiny RSS](https://tt-rss.org)

![RSS Guard](resources/graphics/official_pictures/main-window-linux.png)

Contributed graphics:
* RSS Guard logo - [Siddharth Yadav](mailto:illustrationdesignsid@gmail.com), [@Siddharth_yd](https://www.instagram.com/siddharth_yd/)
* Flag icons - [IconDrawer](http://www.icondrawer.com)

Commit message:

Add "Contributing to RSS Guard" section (#1170)
* Update README.md

* Update README.md

README.md, after:

RSS Guard
=========

[![Total downloads](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/martinrotter/rssguard/total.svg?maxAge=360)](https://somsubhra.github.io/github-release-stats/?username=martinrotter&repository=rssguard&search=0)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/github/release/martinrotter/rssguard.svg?maxAge=360)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/martinrotter/rssguard/master/resources/text/CHANGELOG)
[![Packaging status](https://repology.org/badge/tiny-repos/rssguard.svg)](https://repology.org/project/rssguard/versions)
[![Documentation status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/rssguard/badge/?version=latest)](https://rssguard.readthedocs.io)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/martinrotter/rssguard.svg?maxAge=360)](https://github.com/martinrotter/rssguard/issues)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/martinrotter/rssguard.svg?maxAge=360000)](https://github.com/martinrotter/rssguard/blob/master/LICENSE.md)

### [Discord server](https://discord.gg/7xbVMPPNqH) | [Downloads](https://github.com/martinrotter/rssguard/releases) | [Development builds](https://github.com/martinrotter/rssguard/releases/tag/devbuild) | [Documentation](https://rssguard.readthedocs.io) | [Translations](https://rssguard.readthedocs.io/en/stable/contrib/localization.html)

RSS Guard is a simple RSS/ATOM feed reader for Windows, Linux, BSD, OS/2 or macOS which can work with RSS/ATOM/JSON/Sitemap feeds as well as many online feed services:
* [Feedly](https://feedly.com)
* [Gmail](https://developers.google.com/gmail/api)
* Google Reader API ([Bazqux](https://bazqux.com), [FreshRSS](https://freshrss.org), [Inoreader](https://www.inoreader.com), [Miniflux](https://miniflux.app), [Reedah](http://reedah.com), [The Old Reader](https://theoldreader.com) and more)
* [Nextcloud News](https://apps.nextcloud.com/apps/news)
* [Tiny Tiny RSS](https://tt-rss.org)

![RSS Guard](resources/graphics/official_pictures/main-window-linux.png)

## Contributing to RSS Guard
To start contributing to RSS Guard, please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md). Any contributions are appreciated.

## Thank you!
Contributed graphics:
* RSS Guard logo - [Siddharth Yadav](mailto:illustrationdesignsid@gmail.com), [@Siddharth_yd](https://www.instagram.com/siddharth_yd/)
* Flag icons - [IconDrawer](http://www.icondrawer.com)
